---
layout: post
title:  "The Wind"
date:   2021-06-03 
categories: Posts
---

The wind wispered through the dark, empty trees like a warning in a foreign language, winter was coming and with winter desperation was guarantee. The leftovers of human kind wander the deserted cities looking for cans and whatever processed food is left. Some created their own small comunities but that is a tell for another day. It has been 6 years since society as we knew it fell. In the begining, we all thought that it was a just a simple blackout. I mean whatelse were we suposed to think. I was in the middle of a 10v10 Team Death Match round in Call Of Duty Modern Warfare and my team was winning. Most people were doing their normal modern live activites. But once daylight came so did the horrific news. 

> IMPORTANT MESSAGE
> DO NOT LEAVE YOUR HOME. DO NOT LET PEOPLE IN YOUR HOME. 
> If someone in your household is showing the following symptoms:
> * Red spots in the neck area
> * Redish eyes
> * Fever
> * Purple rash
> ISOLATE THEM!

The infection was not airborne. Those were the good news. The bad news was that a lot of us were carriers and expressed no symptoms. So a lot of people carried the desease from city to city without even realizing it. You could only get the desease by getting scratched, blood, or bites from someone that was infected. Chances are that if you were immune you would experience a small fever and in less than 48 hours you will be fine. Those who surbived the fever could not transmit the desease but those who had multiple simptopms could. Old folks were the most vulnerable. After the deseased died almost no one over the age of 64 had survived. 

The infection traveled rapidly through the body. 24 hours after being infected you were dead so we knew that if you survived 24 hours you were fine. 24 hours later, we either put a bullet in your head or drove a knive through it. We did it this was because it was the fastest way to kill someone who have turned. Saying that the infection kills you is putting it in simple words. In reality, the infected did not die, the simply turned. Their eyes turned black. 

Back then I lived in a small town, so insticntively everyone though of closing down the entrance to the town and gather as many supplies as possible. People went crazy. At first, people were simply buying as much food, supplies and OTC medicine as possible. But in less than a week, people started looting super markets and bodegas. I guess people realized that in a fallen world, money is as useful as bike to a fish. I was not stupid and thanks to my paranoia, and somewhat fantasy of a zombie apocalipse, I already had lots of supplies. Included in my suplies were knives, matches, rubbing alchool, tons of can food, batteries of all sizes, pain killers, caffein pills, and cigarrates. I did not have a gun license but I knew how to use a bow and arrow. 

I always thought that if the worlds ever went to shit the people leftover will be traiding food for poison like crazy. Smokers will pay whatever they can for a cigarrate and people cannot live without coffee. Drug addicts will certainly die, at leat the vast majority of them. I have tons of coffee and when the looting started, I took as many store brand and brand name pain killers and caffeine pills. At first, people were not looting pharmacies which to me made no sense because drugs cannot be manufatured in a fallen world. But people soon realized that! and all Tylenol pills were gone! People with live long conditions also did not last long. You cannot manufacture Insulin or alergy medication so logically, those people did not last long. 